################################################################################
## THE DECKS ###################################################################

For each deck...

&<suit>.<number>: 
	<name>|
	<description>|
	<summary upright>|
	<details upright>
	[
		|<summary reversed>
		|<details reversed>
	]

(Without 'reversed', do not allow reversed draws.)


================================================================================
== THE DECKS: Shadow Deck ======================================================

A Cthulhu deck.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Shadow Deck: Major Arcana ---------------------------------------------------

&major.11 Shadow Deck=11. Amprodias - The Fool|The Irrational taken to the extreme results in perfect freedom, with the ability to perceive pure essence, to extend consciousness into outré realities. The sigil of Amprodias exhibits a gaping mouth typical of the uterus which utters the Word ...|The image is of the Void from which all manifestation proceeds, disguised as Nyarlathotep-Mad God of the Necronornicon/ Lovecraft Mythos, Dark-starred Crawling Chaos at the heart of matter lurking Just beyond the brink of rational consciousness-Messenger, Servant of the Great Old Ones. Here is the Black Hole at the center of the Universe where _lies.the G:eat Inane, surrounded by idiot flute players piping the quixotic music of the spheres, as reality, that primal slime, nuclear chaos of Yog-Sothoth churning beyond human space-time froths into existence.%r%rThe quintile mathematical traditions of the Great Old Ones have transformed the swastika into an inverted five-armed Dorje thunderbolt streaking through the Void, rupturing seamless reality with high-voltage electrical blasts. Mole-like hands of the Faceless One, Wordless Utterer, Voice of Silence, dig deep, penetrating caverns of the mind with wormlike tendrils, dragging consciousness into Vishuddachakra to be torn apart by mindless whirlings. This Da' athian violet Gateway to the Inner Void is infested with nether aspects of erstwhile beguiling fairies. Vampyres, they haunt these chasms of inner space, imprisoning the minds of foolhardy magicians in transparent cells floating through the Void like immense soap bubbles blown by the Fool of the dayside Tarot. %r%rThe trance of this tunnel is "The Universal Joke": There is no meaning in existence, the universe is pure caprice, an immense practical Joke played on hapless victims. Here, the irrational, taken to the limits of absurdity results in perfect freedom. "Loosening the girders of the soul," the normal chains of cause-effect that bind us to mundane reality, bind us into the conscious life of the human species, no longer obtain. Thus we float above reality freed of prejudice, unclouded by illusion, able to objectively perceive Essence.|A need to work with the energies of Amprodias may be signaled by our experience of sorrow: at the cruelty of nature, by our feeling of despair at Its inherent meaninglessness, and our lacking of perspective and humor when faced with grim reality. On the other end of the scale we may encounter in ourselves or others a feeling of contempt for the unenlightened masses, a detachment from ordinary human sorrows, and aloofness from mundane concerns. Thus feeling bored, stuck, restless, and rootless, yet fearing change, we find apprehension of the future which results in blind clinging to the security of routine. %r%rYet if allowed to flow unimpeded by such destructive attitudes, till' energy of this 11th tunnel accelerates our vibratory vitality, enabling us to glimpse alien consciousnesses resident in parallel dimensions operating at such velocities that we are normally unaware of their existence. Through such accelerated vibratory consciousness, we achieve greatly heightened powers of perception, giving insight into outre mathematics and alternative non-Euclidian geometries and realities. In the tunnel of Amprodias we are able to mind-meld with transhuman entities, and to "speak in tongues." Here is true laughter, the safeguard of sanity; here is healthy release of tension through the bioenergetic circuit of excitation-tension-release-relaxation-JOY. Here is freedom of thought, energy, courage, and the independence to pursue one's will %r%rToo much unbalanced working here may ultimately result in fragmentation of the ego, in brain-fevered deliriums, perhaps addictions to hyped-up, hypertrophied manic states, which results in high bloodpressure, burn-out, and exhaustion, especially of the type associated with the effects of repeated extraterrestrial contacts upon the human nervous system.

&major.12 Shadow Deck=12. Baratchial - The Magus|The:Psychonaut willfully manipulates consciousness and psyche by bioactive and other means, to see beyond the veil that separates the worlds.|In the 12th tunnel, the mocking Ape of Thoth has deposed The Magus of Power of Dayside Tarots, instinctually manipulating the elements of Formation-not elements of solar consciousness, but those of Dark Sciences of the Void-to dissolve ego, alter consciousness, and see beyond the veil that separates the worlds.%r%rFire here takes the form of Amanita Muscaria-Fly Agaric sprung from lightning, Flesh of the gods, divinely given means of traveling with them-used since ancient times by witches, sorcerers, and shamans.%r%rWater appears in the guise of Bufo Marinus, whose toxic properties-bufo genin, bufotoxin, bufotenine--extracted by boiling in oil, are 150 times more powerful a heart stimulant than curare. This sea toad extract, known to the Chinese as "Ch'an su"-"toad venom"-was used as an hallucinogenic snuff by the Amazon Indians of the Upper Orinoco. Remains were found at Cozumel, where the rain god Tlaloc was worshiped by the Mayan priesthood with this hallucinogen's ingestion.%r%rAir is represented by Crapaud de mer, known for the ability to puff their bodies up with air. The puffer fish, blow fish, sea squab, "fugu," yields tetrodotoxin, a deadly neurotoxin 160,000 times more potent than cocaine. This chemical creates living death-consciousness imprisoned in an unresponsive body-imparts to the gourmet the intoxication associated with a successful brush with death. Its uses in ritual zombification are very ancient, remains having been found in Egyptian tombs of the Ti (5th) Dynasty.%r%rEarth is imparted by a human skull and tibia shavings, both traditional ingredients of Dark Preparations. The cauldron, womb in which all combine into a hell-broth, is of the ancient Anasazi who entered our dimensional world through the kiva's sipapu, climbing into time, mysteriously disappearing again into the transdirnensional Void.%r%rFifth element of Spirit is given by Witches and Wizards, those smoke illusions born of this hellish brew, drawn by trans cosmic forces sweeping from the pathways of the Great Inane, and sucked at last into the Void, the Ain, the Unwinking Eye: OBLIVION.|Baratchial is the tunnel of Dark Science, where witch doctors search for bioactive preparations to subtly affect the human psyche, where pharmacologists search for new drugs deep in Amazonian forests, where scientists search for new elements which may be stably combined only via the weightlessness of interstellar space, where lies the constant search for new ways to chemically manipulate the environment and ourselves, for peace, and for war.%r%rThe need to work with the energies of Baratchial may be signaled by experiencing feelings of inordinate investment in the individual ego' and its products, such as are mirrored in the idee fixe that Man is the Crown of Creation. Here too, we may encounter those who ding to solar consciousness, at the same time evincing abhorrence of altered realities.%r%rFor in this tunnel is power of the Psychonaut extraordinaire, here is the power to realize consciousness and ego as byproducts of biochemistry, affected by the individual subconscious mind, affected by the collective unconscious, and affected by the animal nature "little self." Thus here we may find the power to willfully manipulate consciousness through biochemical means, exploring unknown worlds within. Thus we seek evolution into far unknown future selves, mutaling by absorbing cosmic rays of "infinitely corroding light" into the unshielded, yielding psyche.%r%rDanger to an undeveloped ego is Zombification into an unthinking slave of science, mass-culture, and mass-consciousness.

&major.13 Shadow Deck=13. Gargophias - The Priestess|By the image generating power of the backbrain the World  is dreamed into existence; thus we as artists create our preferred realities. "Now hath Nuit veiled herself, that she may open the gate of her sister."|Squatting on the sigil of Gargophias is Hekt, frog-glyph of extraterrestrial invaders from the Waters of Space in the vicinity of the Pleiades-amphibious atavisms that enter our dimension from the portal of the backbrain/ cerebellum-the Voltigeurs, leapers who traverse strange states of consciousness obtaining in the inverted dimensions backside of the Tree of Life.%r%This is the tunnel of Not, Naught, the Great Negative, LA, Lilith, Lady of Night, of Sevekh, Kefekh, Khepsh of the Seven Stars. Here She is depicted as Egyptian Ur-Hekau, Mighty One of Enchantments gesturing to Her attendant stars that mark the stellar Gate into the Earth-web. Her power is of a particularly Feminine type of creation parthenogenesis, self-fertilization-such as has been recorded in the earliest divine myths.%r%rBy the image-generating power of the back-brain, webs of dreams are spun from the miasma of the lunar flux which gushes from Her, spawning lemurian horrors, teratomas arising from that stratum of pre-human consciousness that stretched long ages before the epoch of Atlantis. Patiently, passively, apparitions build, as a pearl grows bathed in successive layers of the nacre. Thus World is dreamed into existence by the Ancient One who slumbers in the deeps of unknown space.%r%rYet the Feminine knows that not all that lives has the right to continued life. This is the cruelty, the horror of existence, its ultimate irrationality, that the prerogative of the Goddess is culling: She reserves the right to kill Her offspring, to weed out the undesirable, the unfit for life. She cares not for our complaints, nor for solar concepts of "justice," but bids us to laugh, to delight in the Maya dance of dream illusions.|The need for working with the energies of Gargophias may be signaled by our experiencing in ourselves, or encountering in others, feelings and expressions of reverence for "life" for its own sake, without regard to use, form, function, Will, or desire. We may encounter an overly masculine, yang,  aggressive orientation to action on  the world, or, we may find that we, and others somehow find the ability to believe in the collective Dream as objective Reality. Sadly, there may be an accompanying inability to dream, or, the breakthrough of uncontrollable nightmares. One may experience lack of visual imagination, a lack of poetry, idealism, and romance in one's life. There may be a sense of general creative drought that signals a lack of connection to the world of Spirit,  and that leads to a lack of ideals, a lack of hope and vision of the future.%r%rYet in the tunnel of Gargophias is the power of the Feminine, bringing us to God. Here is the non-reflective power of movement in dreams, the power of clairvoyance, and contact with Spirit Helpers. Here is the instinctive power of the artist to fashion living souls from the substance of their own ectoplasm. Magick is exuded from the inner core, abundant creativity up-wells from an inexhaustible inner Source.   Here too, is 21st Century science: space-migration, genetic engineering, tinkering with the archetypal blueprints of life's proliferation. And here is the attendant possibility of spawning Frankenstein horrors based upon mutation of the DNA, those terrifying mutations of past and future selves, non-viable evolutionary dead-ends, such as the Nephilim wrought questing to create perfect worker-servants of the gods.%r%rDanger and delight lie in the compelling temptation to turn one's back upon the "objective" world, to become forever lost in a forest of alluring, solitary fantasy, pulled to dissolution in the waters of deep space, higher, higher, into the Void of the Absolute.

&major.14 Shadow Deck=14. Dagdagiel - The Empress|Through the retroversion of the senses we achieve inspiration, drunkenness of the senses, with the ability to see the world aglow with colored lights. The Virgin of God is enthroned upon an oyster-shell; she is like a pearl, and seeketh 70 to her 4. In her heart is Hadit the invisible glory.|Dagdagiel is seen here as sensual, debauched Venus, depicted as abhorred Alphito—the White Sow, Phagmo Dorje—wallowing shamelessly, enmired, in sheer orgasmic delight. She is the profligate mother, who, not recognizing her own offspring eats them with gluttonous desire. Her retromingent vulva—the secreting part, represents the Womb of Time, the Eye of the Void, the Gate for the Aeon of Maat, and indicates that She is High Priestess of the Mysteries within, Who bows before No Man.%r%rThis the 14th Tunnel's door is fashioned as an oyster-shell, which is a symbol of male sexual prowess and staying power—yet it has the salt-sea scent and shape of the feminine organ. Outside the shell we find the Chaos of the spider's web; within, the web becomes a network of "infinitely corroding light" whose interstices are black holes in interstellar space. These black holes are the midnight crossroads between dimensions, they are transcosmic vortices through the Void that suck us unaware into the Twilight Dreamtime; they are vortices that first spew out then suck the Universe back upon itself into Non-being.%r%rCrawling upon the sigil in a ring of fire are the Spider, Snake, and Scorpion, all symbols of Serk, Weaver of the first web, Caster of the first Circle. On the right is Odudua, also known as Erzulie Bon Rouge, the Goddess of Love, and the Goddess of Death—for is not Love called "the little death"? Refusing none, She gives herself to all without distinction. Her consort, the Beast Shugal, beckons her within these dream dimensions, where together they distill the ultimate love-wine, the blood essence, the milk of Life. The Shakti answers with the sign of Koth, or, Kotha, the voluptuous Goddess of Desire, "whom Satan, beholding, desireth!"|The need to work with the energies of Dagdagiel may be signaled by experiencing an inner lack of joy, the feeling of inability to appreciate life's simple, sensual pleasures. One may feel out of touch with one's body, emotionally unable to reach out to others, however one may wish to do so. There may be a sense of premature physical and/or emotional aging that results from bioenergetic body-armoring, and which may be signaled by experiencing irrational anger at, and abhorrence of pornography. Here we find emphasis on rationality and analytic thought, with inability to live through the senses, to stay in the present, having too much focus on the future. Here too, we may find lack of perspective, with fearfulness, and an inability to relax, to enjoy, and to go with the flow of the moment.%r%rThe powers of Dagdagiel are those of drunkenness of the senses, the ability to see the world aglow with colored lights. Here is appreciation of, and mastery of the Green Ray  of nature, with the possibility of communication with and cooperation with the Devas., who are the elemental Sprites, or Spirits of Nature. Here too are sexual prowess and fecundity; here is the power of communion with all life, the ability to make life thrive and grow. Here especially is the retroversion of the senses, the power to merge with all forms of life, with all creatures, human and otherwise, with all races, cultures, creeds, the power to merge with all aspects of existence, to merge even with those which seem naturally repugnant to narrowed senses—without fear of harm.  And here is the ability to find in this merging inspiration, divinity, forgetfulness of self, orgasm, bliss. For here is the power of Love which denies none, and "conquers even ravening beasts."%r%rDanger lies in lack of discernment and judgment when seeking ultimate oblivion "in the kisses of Nu." Danger lies in the dissipation—physical and moral, including diseases such as AIDS—which are attendant upon total hedonistic surrender to impulse, and immersion in sensual desire without thought of future consequences, and especially without thought of mothering those things we love.

&major.15 Shadow Deck=15. Hemethterith - The Star|Astrology: the stellar kalas of NU as they ray into our life web, open human consciousness to communion with the galactic life wave. The fifteenth tunnel is illumined by the kala of the Star . . . The Guardian of this Pylon is Hemethterith who may be evoked by vibrating her name in the key of 'A' sharp, whisperingly, almost inaudibly . . . Her sigil . . . suggests a face above three equal-armed crosses arranged in the form of a descending triangle with two serpentine forms dividing the crosses|Depicted is the body of the Goddess Iyemoja, her kalas glittering stars. Fleeing from her son, Orungan, She fell backwards, her breasts bursting open. The bionic life waves thus unleashed became, through cosmic superimposition, two spiraling orgone streams of the Milky Way, twin waters of the sign Aquarius.%r%rBetween the streaming breasts glows the Medieval astrological symbol of the Dog Star, Sirius/Sothis, Star of the Beast-child Set, the Sun behind the Sun, the Opener of the Circle of the year at the heliacal rising, first marker of cycles, and Creator of Time. Below, transcosmic orgone streams have formed into feathers of the peacock, sacred to the ancient devil-worshipping Yezidi of the land of Sumer.%r%rThus, the Yezidi worshiped their Dark God: Standing in the South, they faced North, abode of the glittering stars of the Body of Nu, of Ursa Major, constellation to which the Pole now points in its precession through the Ages. Stellar energy spirals in at the North Pole, manifesting Aurora Borealis. Heavenly meridians, kalas of the stars, are stepped down to Earth frequencies, stepped down again to human organismic scale. Astrology is thus the science of the transcendent stellar kalas of the body of Nu as they ray their energies into our life-web.%r%rEight eyes within the feathers of the peacock reverence the child, Set, eighth-born of the Goddess. Holo-ed within each feathered EYE is a seven-rayed star of Babalon, the sevenfold seal upon the Yoni of the Goddess—the Seal of Set, Star of Sothis, Venus/Isis/Seven/Sevekh—primal goddess of the Seven Stars. It is the Seal of the Great White Brotherhood, the transcosmic Illuminati, who direct evolution of earth-consciousness.%r%rBelow, the Dragon of the Deep, Beast of the Apocalypse raises high its serpent heads in the form of streams of blood: the Soul, the Blood of Isis, blood of ancient gods from which humanity was formed, blood of human sacrifice is monthly poured upon the thirsty earth by way of blessing, of libation, of fertility. Infernal influences thus unite with spiritual ideals, Niyama of Venus is performed, the highest reached by way of the low. As above, so below. Microcosm and macrocosm exist as one. There is no difference. Mother Goddess, Earth Goddess, Goddess of the Seven Stars, Genetic Template of the human race, Bearer of Culture, Bringer-in of unknown Future selves.|A need to work with the energies of Hemethterith is signaled by encountering belief systems which hold distinctions between the sacred and the profane, asserting that the sacred is beyond our reach and understanding, and that thus by extension, the mundane cannot be holy. Here we may encounter the espousal of scientific materialism, along with lack of inspiration, and of spiritual ideals, and lack of true connection with the stellar life web.%r%rThe powers of Hemethterith lie in the recognition that human consciousness creates the Universe of Stars, and that the Stars in turn act upon human life and consciousness. Here we thus find "stellar vision," and reverence for songs of whales as they reflect the Ineffable. Here is satori with Gaia, the tellurian life web; here is sensitivity to Harmonic Convergence of cosmic cycles which accelerate human consciousness, turning-on the planetary exo-nervous system, and synchronizing resultant tellurian consciousness into telepathic communion with the galactic life wave. Here in the tunnel of Hemethterith we find the vision of the plumed serpent Quetzalcoatl, which is the realization of the Universe as energy in constant copulation, the blinding realization that existence is nothing but the material manifestation of cosmic orgonomic bliss.%r%rDanger lies in naïvete in opening oneself and the planetary life-web to that entity whose dark nature one may be unwilling to admit: the devouring serpent, "Long Mouth Coming"

&major.16 Shadow Deck=16. Uriens - The Hierophant|Innocent trust in one's personal path, with humble openness to divine inspiration is the key to self-validation, self-initiation, and inner strength. The ADIMIRON are the QLIPHOTH attributed to the tunnel of Uriens...They swarm across the desolate places of the void leaving the 'rich brown juice' of annihilation in their wake.|The sigil of Uriens is painted on an inverted triangle reaching deep into the bowels of the Abyss. This entrance to the Tunnel suggests the gaping vulva of the goddess Iyemoja, Mother of Fish, source of the manifested universe which is borne upon the shoulders of Atlas/ Oriens/ Uriens. It is girdled with 16 writhing Gorgon serpents, anemone arms, enticing us within. Here is power of the feminine to turn strong men to stone, here is the deep, instinctual mesmerizing power of the yoni to exalt the phallus.%r%rDark and evil enter at the cross-quarters of the compass, at the cross-quarter celebrations of the year, so that Medieval churches planted gargoyles at the corners of cathedrals, stone demons peak out kitty-corner from the feet of saints.%r%rIn the northwest corner are remnants of the sacred Labyrinth, the senseless twistings leading nowhere, travails, confusions, convoluted paths of those who dare seek a Hierophant in this Dark Aeon. These are youths led in sacrifice to be devoured by the monstrous Minotaur, here are false prophets drugged with mad effluvia of primitive backbrain instincts, repressed, perverted by overweening solar consciousness.%r%rIn the southeast is the Jackal Throne of Samael-Set-Satan, covered with geometrical designs of the kingdom of Mali, Africa, home of the Dogon tribe, ancient keepers of the secrets of the extraterrestrial Nephilim, sojourners from the dog-star Sirius. Upon this throne sits the Elder Lilith, one of the Nephilim, depicted in Ishtar's temple at Asur wearing goggles, spacesuit, and other strange devices of the star-traveller—a holographic image of our far-future selves, projected from the past. Accompanied by her raven familiar, She is mute, implacable. A shaman, wielding the sympathetic magick of the horned mask of Samael beseeches Her for strength, power, and protection, for Initiation into mysteries of Horus-Maat. The quest is ill-directed, dangerous, for: "There is no god where I am."|The need to work with the energies of Uriens may be signaled by encountering in oneself or others a tendency to depend upon authority for validation, and direction, attendant upon belief in a Higher Power, belief in an Ultimate Meaning for our earthly existence. Here too, we may encounter belief in all varieties of divine salvation, from Second Comings of the Christ, and a benevolent God, to UFOs and extraterrestrials who come upon a cloud (or in spaceships) to save humanity from their folly with their greater wisdom. Here too, may be found spiritual pride, arrogance, excessive ego. On the other side, when we experience run-ins with "the Law," we know we have fallen into the tunnel of Uriens.%r%rThe powers of this tunnel are the ability to ground oneself in self-validation. Here is found inner strength, with the courage to live by one's convictions, even against "common sense" and one's "better judgment." Here is ability to face unafraid the awe and naked horror of existence, stripped of childish illusions of divine protection. Here too, we may experience innocent trust in the rightness of our personal path, no matter how unfortunate it may seem to the outer world, with humble receptivity to divine inspiration.

&major.17 Shadow Deck=17. Zamradiel - The Lovers|Dark drum rhythms dissolve the boundaries of personal ego, expanding awareness into union with the Daemon, releasing the power of the Oracular Voice. The sigil of Zamradiel is composed of a lunar crescent pierced by an arrow shot from a bow, both ends of which terminate in the letter G. ... the vehicle by which the crossing is achieved ... the letter of the High Priestess ...|Twin double-spirals, eyes of the Maori death-goddess Hinenuitepo, "Great Lady of the Night who sends the Spirit North across the ocean," mark the entrance to the Tunnel of Zamradiel, that dark abyss from which No-Manreturns. Hung from its sigil are the Lovers, priest and priestess of the Double Current, Androgyne and Gyander, who are about to undergo the Ordeal of the Abyss.%r%rHolding no part of passion back in fear, holding no part of themselves aloof from their experience, they have emptied the last drops of blood into theCup and hang like rotting meat upon a peg in the dark caverns of the primal dark goddess, Ereshkigal, who lies in waiting deep within the bowels of the earth. Here, the Lovers await the Beast of Other Dimensions, the Eater of Lost Souls, the Scavenger, who devours the last vestiges of human consciousness as they plunge into the black Abyss.%r%rThe Cup, fashioned from a skull of archaic Homo Sapiens, dates from about 250,000 to 500,000 years before the present era, marking that time whenStellar races first came upon the nascent earth. The skull rests upon the sigil of that most ancient and puissant priestess of Voudoun, Ayizan, who is here invoked for inspiration and protection during the dread Sabbath over which Choronzon—barrer of the way into the City of the Pyramids—presides. Into the skull-cup drips distillations of the secret caverns of the earth; it is the "black wine of the moon" distilled from the body of the priestess, which in this Tunnel takes the form of an hallucinogenic absinthe, that will induce oracular voicings in the language of "before being born, and after dying."%r%rBelow, the priest/priestess of the Bultu cult, having unsealed spectral atavisms by the power of the drums to snare the mind in their dark rhythms, and to disintegrate the boundaries of ordinary ego-consciousness, has assumed the were-mask of the Spectral Hyena. Fusing the twin serpents OBand OD, merged with the beast within, s/he awaits the Spectral Beast, theOther, the Demon Lover, with trembling fear and heightened expectation.|The need to work with the energies of the Tunnel of Zamradiel may be signaled by over-identification with one's sexual morphology, accompanied by an inability, and/or unwillingness to understand alternative sexualities. There may be a paralyzing fear of ego-death, fear of the dark, or fear of the unknown within, which in some cases manifests as the terrifying voicings of alalia. Here, in  this 17th Tunnel of Zamradiel, we find the fearful clinging to solar-phallic consciousness that typifies 20th Century chauvinism.%r%rThe powers associated with this Tunnel include communion with remote strata of human consciousness, with the accompnaying ability of trance-channeling. Here we also find the ability to combine male and female within oneself, to reunite with one's lost half, "the lost lover," to reintegrate theAnimus/Anima, and to seduce the Nahual into sensible appearance, all while embracing the transpersonal Shadow. Here is the power to distill the healing elixir, the Philosopher's Stone, the fountain of youth through the Taoist practice of  "self-cultivation." Here one finds one's Voice through transcendence of the narrow personal ego,  and the transcosmic dissolution of the boundaries of the soul, whose ultimate expression is Infinite Love.Here is evolution of consciousness through re-connection of the bicameral circuit, with the ability to spiral from remote pre-human consciousness into far-flung future hyper-expansion of mind-power and awareness.

&major.18 Shadow Deck=18. Characith - The Chariot|There is power in the ability to take whatever one wants/needs without regret to sustain life, energy, creativity, that one may do one's work The sigil of Characith . . . shows a downward facing mummy overshadowed by a camel-headed entity that issues from its feet."|The entrance to the tunnel of Characith is the Graal, the yoni, the soft pink flesh of the Mother who herein distills her hell-broth of ecstasy and magickal immortality. Shadowed within is a symbol of the God Set, evidence of the identity of the phallus with kteis, of corpora cavernosa/clitoris with prostatic glands/prostate (cf. "Eve's Secrets: A New Theory of Female Sexuality"). The Ophidian Serpent curls upon the sigil, extending forked tongue to a shimmering drop of the elixir of immortality which has been distilled into the Cup.%r%rVampires are created of those who linger here to drink, for they too easily become addicted to the pleasures of the pursuance of their dark desires. Draining life to sustain their energy and life beyond its ordinary span, they acquire the power of bewitchment, casting strange enchantments to lure fresh victims to their astral touch. The vampire's fangs have thus become dread dentata embedded in the luscious touch of pink.%r%rThe two red suns represent "the two suns of the upper and lower horizon,@ even as they appear to be the puncture wounds inflicted by the vampire's abominable nightly habits. Symbolic of the reddened moon, Moon of Blood, Black Sun of Tiphareth drinking the blood of the Goddess, they too are linked with the Magick of the XIo. Subliminal reminders, they engender nostalgia for a long lost planet far beyond our world where there are two moons.%r%rIn the south swims the turtle upon whose back rests the manifest Universe, flanked by crab and whale, blissful denizens of the watery realm which is the foundation of all astro-magickal workings. The wheeling bat, a creature vilely reputed to live on human blood evokes repugnance, yet dark desire and delight, while leprous nocturnal hands hold back the veil, proffer the cup, inviting us to drink.|The need to work with the energies of Characith is signaled by the experience of feelings of abhorrence at the basic formula of this planet—that life must feed upon life. This may manifest as intolerance, and refusal to take responsibility for our base animal instincts and their inevitable outcomes, as well as unrepressed horror at alien life forms and their "noxious" feeding habits, and displeasure at sea-tastes and the smells of vital sexual fluids, with implied disregard for the feminine element in nature, and in oneself.%r%rPowers associated with working this tunnel are the abilities to take what one wants, to satisfy one's needs, to ensure survival at any and all costs. Here may be found boundless energy, creativity, and eternal youth. Working here bestows personal magnetism; there is a fatal sexual attraction which may be turned on as one will choose. Here is the enviable ability to live in the moment, to accept all manifestations of existence as bliss, and lose oneself in mindful ecstasy.%r%rThe dangers are entrapment on the astral, where all one's desires are instantly met in a world of one's own creation. There may be physical exhaustion from too avid pursuit of its pleasures, and death at the tongues of vampires more powerful than oneself. Yet one may fall prey to wantonly taking other life/ energy/ resources for one's own satisfaction, refusing to "give up the ghost," to bow to the inevitable, and make way for fresh forms of life.

&major.19 Shadow Deck=19. Temphioth - Lust, Strength|In becoming one with our instincts and passions we ourselves become the Path, the central essence of our own creative acts, with power to create, to bless, to heal. Tunnel 19 is sentinelled by the demon Temphioth whose number is 610. The predominant influence is that of the lion-serpent, Teth, a glyph of the spermatozoon, which is shown in the sigil in the shape of four vesicas depending from a serpentine form attached to a beast's head.|Depicted is the Goddess Qatesh, goddess of dark passion, sexual heat, the north, the Night. Her face remains unseen behind a creative amber radiance that blurs all ego-boundaries, and transcends the precious hard-won personal sense of individuality.%r%rIn her right hand she holds orchids, exotic symbols of the lushness, the profusion, generosity and abundance of the Source of Life. In her left hand she holds three snakes, symbolic of her oneness with the sexual imperative of Nature, from the pulsing, pushing forward of the atmospheric bion, to the joyful copulations of all forms of life, and to the great celestial dramas of the aurora borealis, the cosmic superimposition of great bion streams in which move galaxies and stars.%r%rAbove her head is the full moon resting in a crescent, which is symbolic of the lunar current in its active phase, calling forth the leprous life that flourishes beneath the cold pale light of the inconstant Moon, yet whithers with the coming of the unforgiving sun.%r%rThe bottom half of her body is that of the Black Cat of the Sabbatic Mysteries, for she does not, as in Dayside representations, close the lion's mouth nor ride upon its back, for she has incorporated the Great Wild Beast into herself, centering her mind and her emotions in her own vast sexual powers.%r%rArched above Her is the rainbow, while curling to the left is the serpent Dangbe, Damballah, sacred to Aidowedo, rainbow goddess of the voudoun cults and symbolic of the Lunar deluge. The serpent's tongue is poised for the ancient rite through which the priestess, the Pythoness, undergoes her visionary trance. Symbolic also of the Dangbe cult are the palm leaf and ant hills to the lower right.|A need to work with the energies of Temphioth is suggested when one experiences feelings of joylessness, feelings of emotional, and/or intellectual dryness, coldness, an inability to take an active sexual role and arrive at orgasm, an inability to lose oneself in the creative moment. There may be experienced a lack of self-confidence, a lack of positive physical vitality and grounding in the body and the senses, or a lack of a sense of personal power.%r%rThe powers of this tunnel are the ability to become one with primitive limbic instincts, to become one with our erotic sensations, the ability to live with intensity and passion. The going becomes reality as we ourselves become the path, the central essence of our own creative acts. This tunnel grants great physical vitality, with a positive personal electricity and magnetism that can be used to create, to bless, and to heal. Here also is the ability to channel potentially dangerous life energies, as do cult devotees who dance in ecstasy with venomous snakes and take their protection from harm as a sign of beatitude and grace, as well as of proper centering and at-one-ness in the moment, when (and if) they are not fatally bitten.%r%rDangers of excess are burn-out, physical dissipation, and exhaustion. Blocking of these potent energies can be seen in poor circulation, coldness of heart, and depression.

&major.20 Shadow Deck=20. Yamatu - The Hermit|The shamanic journey into Amenta undertaken for personal and planetary healing/regeneration brings profound awareness of mind-spirit-matter wholeness. The sigil of Yamatu is a secret cypher of Set. It exhibits the inverted cross which signifies the downward passage or crossing into Amenta|The passage into the Tunnel of Yamatu is shown in cross-section. Above is a circle of standing stones, symbolic of the God Set upon whose sigil they rest, and which serves as threshold into the forbidden realm below. From ancient times stones such as these, the Callanish Stones of Outer Hebrides, Scotland, have been raised to serve as Gates through which the Great Old Ones of the Outer Void might enter human consciousness. The central altar has been engraved with names of Them From Outside human space and time. It is the Stone Seat, the Throne of Isis upon which the magician rests, where s/he takes the god-form of Hoor-paar-kraat, hand making the Sign of Silence, and ready to enter the dark realm of Amenta via the manual magick of the VIIIo%r%rAbove drift pentagons of light, reminders of the quintile traditions of the Old Ones. These are products of the above operation, the Stones being Astral Machines, condensers of the Light, generators of electromagnetic energy, and capable through proper alignment, and activation when looped into a circuit with biological systems, to open a space into Universe B. Such stones in proper energy alignment can also be used to raise storms, or, to eliminate them, the disruptive, poisonous orgone energy being sucked into the earth, neutralized and cleansed.%r%rTyphon, Great and Terrible Mother, Great Lady of the Place Below, Guardian and Avenger of the ravaged Earth seethes below in Hades. As bird-headed Medusa with petrifying gaze, it is She who paralyzes with the Eyes of Death those who dare to seek the mysteries of Death-in-Life and Life-in-Death, yet fail to take the Warrior's Path of courage. Unable to face this knowledge of the dark-starred Chaos at the heart of matter lying just beyond the brink of consciousness, these unfortunates become locked into the slow, inexorable motion of unconscious matter in Ereskigal's dark realm.|The need for work with the energies of Yamatu is suggested when we find disregard for the Earth and Earth energies, coupled with the belief that the earth is inert matter to be disposed of at our whim, that nature can and must be tamed. When we are lacking in awareness of our bodies, we lack real connection with the environment. We may then begin to feel that Man is supreme in the Universe, that human consciousness and rational thought are paramount, that technology can solve our problems, that somehow everything can be fixed for our convenience. We may even come to believe that there are no inimical powers in the universe, and that we are alone in possessing the gift of life. Here too, we may find that inability to see the spark of life in matter which begets materialist philosophies, and the unspoken fear of Hell and dying which results in the application of technologies to preserve the body from death without regard to the human spirit.%r%rWhen we have begun to channel the power of the Tunnel of Yamatu, we gain awareness of Earth magicks and Gaia ecology, we gain understanding of Earth meridians and ley lines, and the principles of feng shui. We gain the ability to activate the ancient power sites, to cleanse black water lines and psychic atmospheres, and the ability to work with healing crystals. In such intimate awareness of mind-body wholeness lies the power of self-healing, there is regeneration found through turning inward to tap the profound healing power of meditation.%r%rIn the Tunnel of Yamatu, we find the power of movement between the worlds. Here we find the ability to face the Lurker on the Threshold and undertake the healing shamanic journey. Here we undertake the dream quest to the forbidden Underworld on behalf of ourselves and others, to return what has been lost, to bring back what is needed of ancient archetypal consciousness, and to bravely apprehend foreshadowings of far-flung future selves. Here we learn to find and dance the power animal.%r%rRelated also is the planet Chiron, crystals in general, and fluorite in particular.

&major.21 Shadow Deck=21. Kurgasuax - Wheel of Fortune|To take joy in the turning of the Wheel, in the inexorable pattern of our DNA, in the holy continuity of human generations is of the Essence. The sigil of Kurgasiax shows a horned (or crescented) sphere containing an equal armed cross mounted on a pole terminating in three caudiform appendages. The cross within the circle is the Mark of Set which denotes the place of the crossing indicated by the northern pole or axis, i.e., Daath, the Gateway of the Abyss|The fickle Goddess Fortuna smiles upon us on the dayside Path, yet in the Tunnel of Kurgasiax we find we are mercilessly bound to inexorable existence by the Three Fates, the Norns, the Moerae. On the Nightside of the Tree, the implacable Triple Goddess ties the yet-to-be-born human soul to the end of a carefully measured linen thread, which then she pays out yearly until comes the time for Her to cut it, thus relinquishing the soul to Death.%r%rIt is the Goddess as Linda who binds the human soul to Life with the linen thread, as "linodeousa." Cameira, "catamerizousa," is She who pays it out, while Ialysa, the wailing woman, "ialemistria," is She whose solemn office it is to cut the thread of Life. But all we may see are these, the hands of Fate, for She is The Faceless One, The Godless One, existent before time, first former of the ancient inexorable genetic pattern of our DNA, our primordial inheritance of blood which is the Spirit of our race.%r%rArrayed about the central sigil are the imprints of the Fixed Stars of the Persians. Within these confines there is no illusion that one may induce Lady Luck to smile, that one can ever be truly master of one's fate. For here is the web of blood and of inheritance, of blind tradition, of instinctual reactions and needs. Here is neither hope nor help, but only the inexorable workings of the Goddess Death in Life, seen through the unalterable influence of Her Fated Stars.|A need for work with the energies of Kurgasiax is suggested when we find ourselves feeling "special" compared to our fellow humans, believing that we are lucky, and blessed in the eyes of the gods, hold the optimistic view that one can escape fate and evade one's karma. This may be coupled with belief in "coincidence," and belief in an orderly, reasonable, sensible and fair Universe where "good" eventually wins out over "evil," where "bad" things never happen to "good" people, where God is in his heaven and all is right with the world.%r%rPowers of this tunnel are feelings of connectedness with the thread of life as carried by the human bloodlines, traced back via mitochondrial DNA far into a dim reptilian past of bright sunlight filtering above the hot and dusty plain. Here is satori of the revelation of Sangraal: the holy continuity of generations dwelling upon Earth, whose archetypal patterns of becoming have been created over eons by their action on the psychic ether. Here is a sense of the mythic that makes everyday life at once awesome, terrifying, and grand, that makes all life meaningful in that it has no necessary meaning beyond itself. Here is power to accept Fate, to take joy in the seasons of the year, and the turning of the Wheel, enjoying freedom to pursue one's path knowing there is no right or wrong, but only raw necessity, that we are the way we are because we have no other choice, because it is decreed by culture acting upon the archaic pattern of our DNA.%r%rYet, "Every man and woman is a star," every act the fiat of a god.

&major.22 Shadow Deck=22. Lafcursiax - Adjustment, Judgement|Reeling on the razor's edge of non-control between oblivion and bliss, we bring life back into balance by letting go, allowing for creative chaos. . . . the sigil . . . a glyph of Unbalance . . . shows a pair of scales upset by a crooked demon with an inane countenance. The demon's left hand is in the form of a yod enclosed in a circle from which falls obliquely a sword . . . The scales symbolize the constellation Libra which rules Path 22 . . .|The Dark Goddess, Maut, the ravenous Vulture, toys with a pet spider feeding it ribbons of flesh torn from the souls of the living. That She has been doing this from ages past is attested to by the skull. It is that of Australopithecus africanus, having a geological age of three million years. Sparks of human lives are the fuel of Her existence, whose origins are lost in dim mists of time when Nephilim walked the Earth, when Star People came from Nibiru, planet of Balance and Unbalance.%r%rWhen Nibiru, ruler of Libra, bears down upon our world in its 36000-year orbit of the Sun, Earth is bombarded with destabilizing electromagnetic radiations, causing great upheavals, earthquakes, and volcanic eruptions, as in Decaulion's Great Flood. Nibiru's return stirs the archetypal excitement of a Second Coming, the excitement of the possibility of transcosmic forces taking a deliberate role in human consciousness evolution (e.g., AThe Harmonic Convergence" of 1989).%r%rReturn is marked by re-emergence of the Feminine, redressing the male-female balance-imbalance, when women actively seek to "Take back the night.@ It is the Goddess associated with Lafcursiax, who ever is returning from our archaic past, her visage an adumbration of our far future selves time-warped into a chaotic present. It is She, Inanna-Ishtar, Goddess of Love, Warrior Goddess who redresses all imbalance with her merciless swift sword.%r%rThe spider is that dark emblem of Typhonian mysteries, of the ancient serpent cult of Obeah, the Ophidian current, symbol of the goddess Maat in her cycle of returning. The crazy symmetry of the spider's web spans the abyss of in-betweenness into which we might otherwise backwards fall, crossing from being to non-being, crossing from the known universe into the Aeon of Maat which is ever spiraling toward us from an unknown future. Hanging upside down, the Spider Queen of Space spins Her web, creating 256 windows into other dimensions, transmission towers in the void pulsing extraterrestrial energies that serve to erode, then mutate human consciousness. It is the dread voice of Hastur, swirling darkly through the vastness of the universe.%r%rThe African Egungun—"bones of the dead"—the embodiment of law and order is evoked by the pigment used, "ivory black," made from blackened bones.|The need for work with the energies of Lafcursiax is suggested when we find we have been too rigidly adhering to abstracted notions of linear, patriarchal law, when we encounter belief in peace without justice, or belief in Divine Right, in hierarchies, and in the "rightful place" of Woman, in the "virtue" of the status quo. Here may be found belief in a merciful god, yet fear of knowledge, freedom, joy, and life, and especially fear of having "too much fun." Any blocking of these manifestations of risen kundalini may result in literal vertigo.%r%rThe formula of dealing with this vast influx of electromagnetic and bionic energies is that of "no-balance," of loosening, of letting go of dayside needs for linear balance and conscious control that are at the root of nausea and vertigo; by relaxing we allow a natural upward spiraling of our energies.%r%rThe powers of this tunnel are operating on the razor's edge of non-control, fearing not to redress imbalances, fearing not the power of righteous fury. Here is joy of life, and passionate love, reeling on danger's edge of un-balance between oblivion and bliss; here is ecstasy, and creative chaos, as glyphed by the eight-armed symbol of the planet Nibiru.

&major.23 Shadow Deck=23. Malkunofat - The Hanged Man|Power lies in ultimate surrender of the soul in mystic union with the Void, merging with the Mother in the watery depths of the collective unconscious. This . . . is the abode of the Deep Ones . . . the dragon of darkness whose number is 5 . . |The sigil of the 23rd tunnel is painted on a slightly skewed inverted triangle which evokes the sense of vertigo that overtakes one in the sinking descent to the deep regions of the Tunnel of Malkunofat%r%rAt the lower left are three heads—Deep Ones, as depicted by the inhabitants of lost Lemuria in a long-ago dark time, forgotten, submerged for long ages in their deep ocean trench. Modeled after the likeness of remote antecedents of the human race, they have been fashioned as stern guardians of the Gate through which the Outer Forces ever seek to enter human space and time.%r%rOn the vast plain of Atlantis once sat these ancient heads. The arcane women of Atlantis sat before them, singing as they wove to keep the Ancient Ones at bay, working designs of protection into the warp and weft of a civilization that was too new, that yet moved too easily between the worlds. The women held the secrets of the sacred alignments, they knew the when and how of opening the Gate that leads to the cold and unknown stars, the gate through which star-travellers make the dangerous leap from world to world, the gate through which the Great Old Ones yet ever seek return. And when Atlantis sank beneath the waves, the Gate yet held for nigh on forty thousand years.%r%rThe pentagonal altar, known in later times as the "Shiva lingam," and as the "naval stone," was used to call the Old Ones from their dreaming sleep. On one side of the altar is inscribed their ancient sigil. On the other side is carved the symbol of the "Nommo," those people of the watery Dark Star, companion of the star Sirius. While a third side is inscribed with sigils of protection.%r%rThe red starfish upon the altar is symbolic of the womb suffused with the blood of the Ancient Ones: the "spawn of Tiamat" that is the seed-life of this planet. The starfish represents as well the beginning of all life in the waters of the unconscious, their subtle emanations raying forth to form 23 eyed-tentacles pulsing in the depths. We see that a chambered nautilus has been drawn into their dreamlike thrall. Evolutionarily ancient, these dwellers of deep oceans were the first organisms with jaws, the first predators.%r%rThe letter "E" marks the entrance to the Tunnel of Malkunofat which is the devouring maw of the telluric Dragon—the Great Serpent, Leviathan-Thetis-Tiamat-Quetzalcoatl—dissolving us into Her silent, glittering darkness. For "E" indicates insight, voidness, the Feminine Principle. It is the secret place for teaching tantric doctrine, the Mother's secret "bhaga" place, the moist kteis. "E" is also that letter which was suspended in the entrance to the Temple of Apollo, and depicted on the Delphic coins.|The need to work with the energies of Malkunofat is suggested when we experience a fear of loss of ego-consciousness and control, which may manifest as fear of flying, fear of drowning, or the inability to let go into orgasmic bliss. There may be the inability to contact unconscious elements in ourselves, signaled as a lack of dreaming. The other side of the coin is experienced as lack of grounding, a lack of any sense of connection with the personal or collective past. There may also be a sense of being drawn into dream life and fantasy, of having wandered too far from the haunts of men ever to return.%r%rWhen we have successfully channeled the power of Malkunofat, we gain ability to manipulate the astral world, and to precipitate its manifestation onto the earth-plane. We may also become adept at divining the earth's treasures, as in dowsing, "water-witching", and the like. Here too, we find our power to transcend space and time, to leap from world to world. And here is the power of ultimate surrender into orgasmic bliss.%r%rThus in surrender of the soul to the Beloved in the mystic vision of Malkunofat, in its union with the All which is Nirvana, in this our "death by drowning" in the ocean of the unconscious, we are pulled into transcosmic space, rising to the highest spiritual aspiration of which we can conceive, higher, higher, dissolved into the Void of Absolute.%r%rHere lies also the acceptance of the universe as Thanatos and Eros, the ability to merge with Dark plutonian energies for transformation, and regeneration, yielding personal magnetism, inexhaustible energy, sexual power, exaltation, joy, and bliss.

&major.24 Shadow Deck=24. Niantiel - Death|As Eros draws life from Thanatos, in merging with dark Plutonian energies we find transformation, regeneration, energy, sexual power exaltation, joy, bliss. . . . depicted in the sigil of Niantiel is an image of Death with a five-rayed crown bearing a cross handled scythe beside the Cross of Set.|An assortment of magickal images gaily dance the Dance of Death in the Nightside Tunnel of Niantiel, reminding us of "plague parties" as seen in the movie Nosferatu, where victims spend their last remaining days as guests at endless banquets laid out at trestle tables in streets through which wagons rumbled, overflowing, to foul charnel houses, yet they laughed, and wore flowers in their hair. Here Death is no gaunt robed skeleton with a scythe, but the Joker, the Jester crowned with droll three-cornered cap and bells upon his dancing toes. He is Baron Samedi, Legba, guardian of the crossroads between the worlds, the place where witches meet, where the dead are buried, and from whence they may be constrained to rise.%r%rHere Eros draws her life from Thanatos, the water of purification has stagnated, putrefied, and strange unwholesome life forms grow and feed upon the slime. It is Halloween, Day of Masks, eve of the Day of the Dead. Depicted in the East, a lion with a dog's head and a man's holds aloft an icon which is a woman's severed head, half a Death's Head. The left hand waves the brazen serpent of the worshipers of the Dark Gods, servants of the ruthless Feminine, Lilith-Kali-Mars, giver-of-life, bringer-of-death, whimsical first arbiter, to be appeased by blood-sacrifice monthly at the Dark of the Moon with the blood of nascent life. A nocturnal wolf laps greedily at the gushing blood.%r%rIn the West is a creature suggestive of the amphibious gods with fishes tails that came from the star Sirius and founded the Dogon civilization. In the south is a golden angel, a type of Lilith, with goose-feet, and a cat's head, with rainbow plumes and cape. While in the north, presiding over all floats AKRABU, the Sumerian demon known as "scorpion man,@ delighting in the savage Dance of the Masks of Death-in-Life.%r%rHere is Black Temple Work of Atlantean Magicks, devolved into death cults which survive into the present time. Here are cults of magical cannibalism, of shrunken heads, of necrophilia with souls newly released by death for creation of astral zombies; here too, we find "AIDS assassins," whose ecstasy at the moment of orgasm is bought by their silent, private knowledge of transmission of their death. And here are Piscean religions offering eternal life through death—death of leaders, death of martyrs, death of saints—offering escape from life through eternal living death, which poses as the promise of life-after-death, the ultimate reason for being.|The need to work with the energies of Niantiel is suggested when we find fascination with, or fear of death, old age, illness, infirmity, decay, and corruption. One may also experience an obsession with youth, newness, perfection, and immortality, as well as with objects of human manufacture that seem to defy the laws of entropy. There may be discomfort with rawness, with wildness, and with the savageness of the natural world; this may be accompanied by an abhorrence of natural cycles of change, and squeamishness at the bare facts of animal nature and earthly existence. Here we also encounter Existential fear in the face of our ultimate alone-ness as we gaze into the naked Void.%r%rYet Death is but one curve of the serpent Death-in-Life. Death is the Feminine, there is life in putrefaction, with energy released through breaking the bonds of life. Nuclear energy mutates DNA to create new forms of anti-life, creates deadly orgone radiation—ORANUR—devitalizes bions, proliferates cellular structure into cancers, disorganizes ego-structure into schizophrenia.%r%rPowers associated here are those of reincarnation, of conscious acceptance of the lover's embrace of Death.

&major.25 Shadow Deck=25. Saksaksalim|A description - Temperance, Art|Becoming one with all sensation, the individuality is annihilated, consciousness breaks through to paranormal awareness; via union of opposites, the Elixir is distilled. And a mighty angel appeared as a woman, pouring vials of woe upon the flames, lighting the pure stream with her brand of cursing. And the iniquity was very great.|In the Tunnel of Saksaksalim lurks a goat-headed Shadow, intrepid Worker of the Current of the Void of Infinite Space, who by stimulation of the 16 kalas x 16 marmas of the etheric body, through Atlantean Red and Black Temple work yielding 256 vibrating nodes in the web of light, has distilled rare endocrine elixirs into the cup whose base is the sigil of the ancient priestess Ayizan. By imbibing these magickally prepared elixirs, the Worker has become Gyander/Androgyne—Priest/ess of Maat—bisexualized, thus transcending the limitations of polarized existence.%r%rThe Ayin, Eye of Infinite Potential of the Shadow Priest/ess combining male and female, human and animal, transfixes the alchemical dragon—Tiamat-Kingu-Moon—with rainbow arrows of the five senses, the five jewels of the cow. Becoming one with all sensation, the individuality is annihilated in back-brain satori with the Now.%r%rThe enlightened consciousness is kindled by the Arrow's path from Moon to Sun, breaking through the Veil of Paroketh, Knot of Vishnu, manipura chakra, separation of Heaven and Earth, flowering into the eight-petalled lotus, cross-of-four-quarters plus the in-between-points through which "evil" enters dayside reality.%r%rBy Viparita karani, "remaining upside down," by retroversion of the senses, and use of the Death Posture of Austin Osman Spare, s/he traverses the Great Void, entering the Neither-Neither world of Universe B.%r%rOn the left we see the black globe of Nephthys, manifestation of non-manifestation, "the black outer shell of the world sphere," in which weaves and glows a yin-yang electron beam subjected to opposing magnetic fields. Below this is a standing stone upon a crescent: both ancient symbols of Choronzon. Upon the standing stone is carved the figure of Many-Breasted Diana, dark counterpart of Diana Virgin, Huntress of the Moon. Her accompanying Hound is the Southern constellation Canis Major, Great Dog, of which Sirius is the principal star. The other Southern stars depicted are six of the Pleiades, the unseen seventh having already made transition to Universe B.|A need to work with the energies of Saksaksalim is suggested when we encounter over identification with gender, or a fascination with as well as lack of understanding of the opposite sex. Here we may find a spirituality that identifies the body with its lusts and appetites as animal and unclean, as it fretfully holds to dayside one-pointed consciousness, blindly holding to faith in a universe of "solid" matter, which is predictable, and ultimately knowable. Here too, we may find denial of one's shadow-side, which is projected instead onto an evil, alien world, and then rebounds, generating repulsion and fear of all which is perceived as "not-I";%r%rAmong the powers are of this tunnel is spiritual transcendence through identification with the sensible objects of consciousness, along with the ability to mass energy, intelligence, sensual desire and instinctual aversion, for union with all one perceives to be one's polar opposite. Thus are united male and female, positive and negative, matter and anti-matter, left brain and right brain within oneself, in breaking through primitive mammalian consciousness to paranormal levels of awareness. Here is acceptance of Mystery, of the "chaos factor," acceptance of the Void that exists at the heart of energy/matter, and through which all continually unfolds into existence. Here is power to manipulate electromagnetic currents vital to biological life, as in the Taoist "white tiger, green dragon" tantric yogas of dual cultivation, thus producing healing elixirs for producing immortality in the living flesh.%r%rThe danger is utter physical exhaustion, danger in depletion of oneself and/or one's partner in unbalanced pursuit of the ultimate tantric union: platform orgasm with the unknowable Void.

&major.26 Shadow Deck=26. A'ano'nin - The Devil|In worship of Nature in all Her forms, in joyful celebration, in animal innocence, and the lustful dance of spirit clothed with form, lies the ability to materialize desires. The sigil of A'ano'nin shows the Ur-Hekau surmounted by the head of the priest and surrounded by the letters BKRN, which add up to 272.|Set, having become the taunting Scarlet Woman in this Nightside tunnel dominates the reification of A'ano'nin. Radiant as the sun which sets behind Her, as the reddened eclipsed moon, Her alluring Evil Eye of Night exudes powerful pheromonic essences that affect primitive mammalian backbrain limbic consciousness, regulating the most basic levels of instinctual behavior. Emotions heightened, and senses intensified by this stimulation of the ancient rhinencephalon, satyrs and fauns cavort in the priapic bliss engendered to which She gives the ancient Sign of Blessing: It is the Witches Sabbath, Saturnalia.%r%rThe pentagram, the five-pointed star, ancient seal of protection and sign by which humanity is known throughout the worlds, represents the four elements whose combinations constitute the manifested universe crowned by the fifth element of Spirit, to which humanity aspires. Inverted it becomes the sign of Pater Pan, the generative spirit of creation. Here is the Goat-Foot God, the Devil, Saturn, ruler of the heaviness of matter, of the slow, inexorable rhythms of nature's daily life.%r%rHere is matter ruling spirit—matter/Mother—She who clothes all things with form, she who keeps our boundaries, she who holds us in reality. For it is Woman who brings about Man's downfall through subtle pheromonic workings of her body. Spirit is pulled into incarnation by physical desire, falling from heavenly origins into the abyss of time, reveling in the sensate joy of getting down and dirty, covered with "filth and excrement,@ clothed with material existence.%r%rHere is Wiccan worship of the Goddess and God, Nature in Her myriad manifestations, celebration of joy, animal innocence, and life, here is the lustful dance of spirit clothed with form and flesh, here is the worship of the Impulse which brings us back time after time, pulling us into physical incarnation.|A need to work with the energies of A'ano'nin is suggested when we find blind submission to authority, feeling trapped, as though we are nothing more than myrmidons to corporate, patriarchal anality, made to dutifully sacrifice natural needs and functions to demands of industrial efficiency. Here we may experience impotence accompanied by guilt at the natural urge to joy and sexual expression, and find discomfort with a free outpouring of orgasmic energy. There may be a sense of vengeful righteousness in the imposition of one's sex-morality upon others, while at the same time feeling isolated, trapped, controlled, depressed, alienated from nature and the body. Such longing to escape the sorrow of existence may result in addiction to religions and world-views that deny sensual pleasure in the here and now, paying homage instead to false promises of "transcendence" of our worldly woes.%r%rThe powers of this tunnel include living through the senses, being attuned to the vast rhythms of nature, following the wisdom of the body, and taking joy in all phases of the cycles affecting human life. Thus are derived wisdom and power, and the ability to draw healing energy and physical vitality from contact with the earth as Tellus derived his strength, and here is the ability to "ground" potentially disruptive forces. In working with the energies of this tunnel, we find resources to contact all manners of fairies, gnomes, sylphs, undines, and devas of the kingdoms of the earth, we learn to find power-spots, to communicate with all forms of life, and gain the ability to materialize desires. Here we connect with a feeling of oneness, and a sense of ease in a wholistic world of which humanity is a natural part, where instincts are not evil, where everything, everyone, and every act are acceptable and a necessary unfolding of The Faceless One, Hecate, La Belle Dame Sans Merci, the Unfathomable Great Goddess.

&major.27 Shadow Deck=27. Parfaxitas - The Tower|Break the bonds of consensus reality; connect psyche and soma, dare to channel heightened sexual/aggressive energies in service of the Will. The sigil of Parfaxitas depicts a Fortress with a door and two windows (eyes) superposed upon the letters SUE, the number of which is 71, which is the number of LAM . . .|The sigil of Parfaxitas evokes dark/shadow forces of explosive intensity. The yantra provides a means of integrating these into the personality without shattering its fragile vessel. The tide is high. The energy is rising all around us, its force falling like a comet shower from the stars.%r%rUpon altars of flame, with knives like crystals, the neuronaut himself is blasted, spiraling yab-yum DNA mutation into atavisms of far future selves. Twin Turrets of Silence, yoni-eyes yet mute and closed balance upon the Towers of Shaitan. Eyes of the Infinite, Negative source of all Positivity, we tremble at their terrible openings to come upon LAM's bidding—that inscrutable Guardian, angelic archetype, humanity's Higher Self pulling us forward into what we, the human species, might become.%r%rThe portal of this tunnel is the Death Posture, Self-Love, Eroto-comatose Lucidity. The formula = Thanatos + Eros: Love and Death played against the night black of Saturn, primeval goddess in the heavens in whose moist womb the resultant entity materializes. Cats howling, threatening faces of owls have been carved with migrainous art into the Aztec altar, adorned with skulls of alien beings not unlike ourselves. While hybrid creatures born of imperfect rites performed, elemental automata, and demons of personal subconsciousness rule the blackened void, that "inbetweenness state which is the pathway between ecstasies" (Kenneth Grant, Nightside of Eden).|A need for work with the energies of Parfaxitas may be suggested when we find ourselves embroiled in issues of violence, where we find nonviolence born of fear of violence, where is experienced fear of excitement, chaos, change. There may be fear and abhorrence of outré states of consciousness and post-industrial mutant modes of being; here is clinging to tradition, to safety, and sanity as defined by narrow consensus reality, here is a cherishing of fantasies of a never-existent, civilized, peaceful human past.%r%rPowers of this tunnel are the ability to channel heightened sexual and aggressive energies in service of one's will. Here too, we find the ability to connect psyche and soma for willed mutation of consciousness and DNA, here is expanding conscious reality to assimilate pre-bicameral breakdown primitive modes, with the admission into psyche of pre-human/ non-human/ post-human atavisms. Here we break the bonds of consensus reality, here we mutate consciousness via congress with cosmic rays, and miscegenation with alien forms. Here we dare to stretch the definition of our humanness, reaching for extraterrestrial realities that adumbrate our future selves, pushing evolution from primitive mammalian preprogrammed linear time circuits which bind us to social-sexual selves and to our own meta-programming of collective neuro-genetic circuitry. Thus is wrought evolution of the species by design, orchestrated by far future selves time-traveling back into the present.%r%rLack of success in channeling these difficult energies can lead to twisted, self-destructive acts, sado-masochistic sex, joy in violence as servant of Kali-Shiva-Mars. Here is the world of outlaws, leather-freaks, street gangs, piercings, punks, the sexual energy and violent power of disenchanted youth screaming to be heard.%r%rThe danger of society failing to integrate the raw power of this tunnel is summed-up in the corresponding dayside tarot card's ancient title: WAR.

&major.28 Shadow Deck=28. Tzuflifu - The Emperor|It demands passion and courage, fearing neither men nor gods, to establish life outside traditional male-female roles, in defiance of cultural prejudice. Transformed, the holy virgin appeared as a fluidic fire, making her beauty into a thunderbolt.|The sigil of the tunnel Tzuflifu is the focus of a huge geometric spiral which represents the gaping maw of the black hole behind the star Sirius. This threshold between time and anti-time sucks us into the Gate of the Black Abyss, pitching us headlong into the wormhole that leads to Universe B from the Dayside world. Here the archaic goddess Bast, Cat-Goddess of the desert and of sexual heat, implacable goddess of ruthless feminine passion is reflected into future consciousness as an enraged hyena, holding the severed genitals of Uranus exultantly aloft for all to witness.%r%rUpon her head this future Goddess wears the lunar crescent surmounted by a spiral disk, representing Her power to dance between the anti-worlds. Around her waist she wears the serpent which signifies that she has mastered for herself the "dawning or opening power of the phallus.@ Thus She is godless, not having need for the invention of male deity. She is Erzulie Bon Rouge -- Goddess of Love, Goddess of War, Warrior-goddess of the Amazons. Having taken back Her long-relinquished power, she wields her blade in righteous anger at the suppression and denial of the power of the Feminine.%r%rThe Shadour, foot-binding, clitoridectomy—all cultural devices depriving the feminine of aggressive, sexual power—these She shall avenge, as She avenges all travesties endured by the feminine spirit. Thus, She brings back the feminine power of ecstatic, orgiastic consciousness rooted in the creative joy of the body bringing life. In freeing the feminine spirit from patriarchal bonds, she restores Woman to her rightful place as independent, equal.%r%rAt the lower left stands the tripod of the Oracle, made of human skulls and leg bones and surmounted by the kali yantra, a symbol of the ultimate power of the feminine. The Erinyes, the Furies—"those who walk in darkness"—avenging spirits born of the blood of castrated Uranus who punish sins against the Mother fly furiously about, girt with lunar serpents, weeping tears of blood, their wings and hair as lightning bolts fraught with malignant electricity.%r%rWrath is the province of the Goddess. Woe to them who live in the time when Woman recovers her rightful powers, and, too long suppressed erupts with violence at injustice suffered. For as it has been said: "The Goddess is returning, and is She ever pissed!"|The need to work with the energies of the Tunnel of Tzuflifu is signaled by the appearance of irrational, unfocussed anger erupting into blind rebellion against authority. We may encounter such things in the outer world, or within ourselves. We may encounter destructive self-abuse, as well as abuse of spouses, children, animals, abuses of the environment, and of all those things which are intimate expressions of the feminine bond with nature. There may be feelings of depression, of powerlessness, of impotence. We may see longing for old-fashioned values, virtues, and sex-roles, in "a man's world,@ where men hold power, contend and strive, and where women are defined as the "weaker sex,@ confined to hearth and home, dependent, constrained to "love, honor, and obey,@ and to "worship his grace" each Saturday night.%r%rNot surprisingly, this attitude is linked with false "macho,@ exhibited as bullying oppression of the weak, and linked too, with misogyny, and with celibacy, with both hatred of and fear of men. Thus in the Tunnel of Tzuflifu we encounter men who feel burdened by responsibility, and women who feel themselves weak and inferior, unable, and, unwilling to throw off their emotional slavery.%r%rWhen we have successfully integrated the powers of this tunnel, we find both our independence, and our passion. We find that we are not afraid to display righteous anger at abuses of authority and power, and we find within ourselves the courage to fight against culturally institutionalized injustice. We are able to productively use our aggressive energies and passions to go after what we want. Able to stand up for ourselves, we contact the inner moral strength that enables us to establish life outside traditional sex roles, fearing neither man's nor God's retaliation at such hubris.%r%rWith the realization that women's liberation liberates men too, from sex-role bondage comes reaffirmation of the power of the feminine, comes freedom and strength to not always have to strive, compete, to be the sexual aggressor. We thus achieve the freedom to allow ourselves to be irrational, emotional, dependent, protected, soft, caring, and weak, we achieve freedom with the realization that "Every man and every woman is a star. Every number is infinite; There is no difference"

&major.29 Shadow Deck=29. Qulielfi - The Moon|In the Dreamtime, everything is possible: by gazing at one's thumb illumined by the Moon, we come to see a fantastic reflection of our shadow-self. By her spells she invoked the Scarab, the Lord Kheph-Ra, so that the waters were cloven and the illusion of the towers was destroyed.|The reification of the tunnel of Qulielfi exists in twilight at the borderland of sleep and waking, at the threshold of the astral world where elementals, lurkers at the threshold of the personal subconscious, lie in wait. Terrifying, alternately seducing, fantastic dreams and visions arise according to the dreamer's temperament. The solitary witch-priestess indulging manual magick during the dark phase of her moon spins hypnagogic phantoms as a spider throwing silk from spinnerets, condensing her illusions into materiality upon the surface of the magick mirror. This, her moon magick has brought forth an astral werewolf, a type of Goetic demon with gryphon's wings and serpent's tail, a demon-lover, shadow-self, climbing into space-time to partner her thence to go forth at her bidding.%r%rThe sigil of Qulielfi is drawn with slug-slime, slugs whose iridescent bodies thriving in moist night expire when exposed to daylight, then are cannibalized by their fellows when the Sun again goes down into Amenta. This sigil is traced on limestone of the Great Pyramid of Cheops, pale as the shining Moon herself. While the towers of the dayside tarot path of The Moon have transmogrified into the spread legs of the priestess grown into twisted mangroves guarding the gate of the Black Abyss. A deadly coral snake whose single bite brings rapid death crawls menacingly between them, eager to partake of the poisonous moon-juice she distills, and which brings "dissolution . . . in the kisses of Nu": forced entry to Universe B via the brink of the Black Abyss of Death.%r%rIn the foreground we see the Peruvian, "Key" lily, abundant in these mangrove swamps, blooming as the Moon rises in Autumn at the Equinox, its heady night-perfume an opiate. Batrachian voltigeurs leap from limb to limb across the dark abyss from Earth Moon of Yesod, Svadisthana chakra, toward the Dark Moon of Daath, Visuddha chakra, their croaking heralding the emergence from non-being denizens of the dream-time, Universe B. These amphibious beings, the Moa, progenitors of the People of the Sea, black of hair, dark of skin, plying their seal skin coracles, are remote ancestors of Pacific Islanders, Australian Aboriginals, the Esquimau.|The need to work with the energies of Qulielfi may be signaled when for no reason we find we are requiring little sleep, or, we may find instead a simple lack of dreams. There may be discomfort with uncertainty and shadow, coupled with lack of imagination; there may be an excess of superstition, of nightmares, and of fear; there may be an abject horror of the preternatural, as expressed in the writing of Lovecraft, et al; and even an irrational dislike of everyday domestic cats.%r%rOn the other side, the powers of this tunnel include enhanced imagination, the ability to astral travel, as well as power to affect subtle levels, as in casting spells, and bewitchment. Here is affinity with the Moon, with water, crystals, and natural tides. Here resides prophetic dreams, clairvoyance, and artistic vision which see magick as neither white nor black, but colorful.%r%rHere too, we access the dark body sorceries of ancient Egypt, Khem, the Black Land, here is access to the fertile radiations of the dark goddess, Black Isis, Nu-Isis, and the forbidden power-zone of Amenta. Here we are given power to enter the "storehouse of dreams," the akashic records, the storehouse of racial and genetic memory, recapitulating the evolutionary past via the cerebellum, the back brain, Qoph, the back of the head. Thus falling backward out of time from Universe A into the dreamtime of Universe B everything is possible. Austin Osman Spare suggests gazing at one's thumb illumined by the Moon until the eyes go out of focus, when the thumb becomes an opalescent, fantastic reflection of Oneself.%r%rThe danger is addiction to practices and substances that keep one perpetually glamoured by the Mauve Zone's sinister delights.

&major.30 Shadow Deck=30. Raflifu - The Sun|Following Wu-Wei, Kia, Neither-Neither, unobscured by ego-masks, the Self experiences ecstasy, coming to knowledge as a Warrior on the path with Heart. The sigil of Raflifu exhibits the horned trident of Typhon (or Choronzon) flanked on either side by the axe or NETER sign and surmounted by a black sun in the arms of a crescent moon . . .|Above, the Hawk of solar consciousness casts the 30th Tunnel of Raflifu in deep shadow with wings hooded to devour its prey in darkness. For here is the power of the Sun in the depths of darkness, here is the Dark Sun, the Sun in Amenta; here, is ego-consciousness surrendered in the Shamanic passage to the Underworld of the subconscious self. The Self, thus unobscured by maya-generating ego experiences cellular ecstasy: "consciousness of the continuity of existence, the unfragmentary non-atomic fact of my universality" (Liber AL, I.26). Stars are thus illumined in the shadow of the Sun.%r%rBelow, lurks the Dark Double Hoor-paar-kraat: The Hidden God, The Dark God, Adonai, The Daimon, The Personal Genius, The Unknowable Self. Yet Lucifer, Shaitan-Aiwass, The Lord of Hell and of the Underworld who by initiating HOMO into good and evil made him fully human, tempts him now with the ultimate Initiation: "Know Thyself". His method, Liber Samekh, the Sumerian ritual of Goetia —howlings— liberates consciousness into wild intoxication with existence, releases the psyche into Dionysian madness, illumines the subconscious Self with LVX, the Light of Gnosis, and yields the nature of one's Angel, which is in essence the True Will, making humans as the very gods.%r%rBetween them, in Amenta, hangs the eight-armed cuttlefish, known as "The Entangler", a symbol of right-brain spontaneity, and of the uninhibited animal functioning of the Huna concept of "the little self". She is the NETER Goddess, Thetis, "She Who Disposes", "She Who Orders", Great Typhon, who in propelling phallically along produces the Red Tincture which appears Below as gold. Blank eyes are mirrors of no-self, the antithesis of solar consciousness.%r%rHere in the 30th Tunnel of Raflifu are the Masks of God, here are the masks of personality worn by the Self through successive incarnations. Here is the Dark King, anointed with sepia cuttlefish ink, here is The Wicker Man, Cuchulain in the Cauldron of Caridwen undergoing rebirth and illumination. Here is The Buddha beneath his Bo-tree, and Wotan hanging on the world tree Ygdrasill, here is Inanna disrobed to enter Ereshkigal's dark realm, there to hang upon a peg like rotting meat. Here is Ankh-af-na-Khonsu coming forth from Amenta to take his pleasure among the living. Here, is ego-surrendered, setting the eternal spirit free.|The need to work with the energies of the 30th Tunnel of Raflifu is signaled when we encounter in our lives tendencies to hero-worship, when we see dependence on a "higher power", perhaps accompanied by feelings of worthlessness, insignificance and powerlessness. Here too, we may find overweening pride and glorification of the personal ego, as well as confusion and internal conflict, a lack of centering, of direction, and of purpose. We may encounter dissatisfaction, and depression, as well as the intellectualization of motivations accompanied by alienation from true feelings, which leads to callousness and failure to see the Spirit inherent in all Life and in the Earth herself.%r%rAmong the powers we may achieve through working in the 30th Tunnel of Raflifu is transcendence of the ego, and evolution beyond the Existential Centaur phase of psychological development to the Transpersonal, Subtle, and Causal realms, giving access to the wealth of the subconscious. In this Tunnel we find access to past-life, reincarnation awarenesses, we find access to the Self whose hidden face lies beyond the masks, and access to the Magick which underlies the phenomenal world. Here we may contact our Inner Guides, and thus effectively channel transpersonal material. Here we find the source of our own creative genius, arriving at a cultured innocence, and the inner peace necessary to create the meaning of our lives.%r%rBy following the path of Wu-Wei, Kia, Neither-Neither, NOX, by removing ego-interference through the use of mantras and meditation, through exhaustion and dissipation, the natural lucid wisdom of subconsciousness comes through, uniting body, mind, cellular consciousness, and animal wisdom into a healthy, effortlessly functioning, unarmoured personality — a warrior on the path with heart.%r%rDanger comes through working in this Tunnel of Raflifu without prior healthy ego-development and integration, which can lead to obsessions, possession, to psychic and/or psychological disintegration of the personality and fragile ego.

&major.31 Shadow Deck=31. Shalicu - The Aeon, The Last Judgement|Passing through fires of transformation, we shed preconscious conditioning, all limiting definitions of the Self. Dross thus burned away, spirit is set free. The sigil . . . comprises the three-fold formula of Crossing the Abyss . . .|The sigil of Tunnel 31 emerges from a fiery rupture between the worlds—the African "Orunapadi"—the Furnace of Hell. It is that great volcanic furnace at the center of existence also known as Eater of Excrement, Tlazolteotl, Great and Terrible Mother through whose womb all things are born and which spews forth the manifested universe, then sucks all back into Her fires to be reformed, renewed, and resurrected from the torments of purgatory, Egyptian Underworld of Amenta. Sun heroes of old aeons are thus mutated in Her abyssal fires to Dark Daughters of the New Aeon.%r%rHere is the world destroyed by fire as it is written in The Apocalypse, theBook of Revelations of Saint John. For here is the fire which purifies gross matter, the dross is burned away, the spirit is set free, with the power to reincarnate, and to move between the worlds at will. This is the tunnel of Plutonian forces, the tunnel of deep transformation/ mutation/ evolution of the psyche and the DNA. This lies beyond the energic bonds of matter at the interface of being and non-being, of time and anti-time. Gate for the Aeon of Maat, its appearance rises, fleeting, flickering in the waters of nether space, Night, Nothingness.%r%rThe sigil glows lividly upon the appearance of a nuclear reactor's venting tower, the ultimate symbol of Choronzon which appears as a "complete embedded minimal surface of finite topology," defined through the powers of Chaos and Her servants: mathematics and computer graphics. This convoluted surface, a twisting interface between the worlds represents the boundary between Universe A and Universe B. It is the "crack in the cosmic Egg,@ that flaw in consensus reality, that Gate through which forces outside the human life wave seek to enter consciousness, whose alien radiations may heal or kill, may stimulate regenerative evolution, or, may trigger morbid mutations leading to extinction of the race.%r%rAt the bottom of the card are three heads of Cerberus, dog-headed ravenous beast of the Abyss that guards the Gate, demanding courage in the descent to the Faceless One, Great Lady of the Place Below, courage in following the Wordless Way, the Path of the Shaman into the earth to have one's bones replaced by bones of gold, bones of silver, bones of steel.%r%rFeathers of the TzITzISH bird, an ultimate symbol of the Aeon of Maat float upon the upper air, ephemeral as salamander gills. They remind us of the Hebrew letter Shin, Spirit, triple-tongued flame, fire of desire, the dark-starred chaos at the heart of matter, Shin, the letter of Set/Shaitan, of Chozzar, the god of Atlantean Maithuna Magicks.%r%rRising above all is the Fire Opal, the ultimate kala, the universal medicine which exudes as a precious stone from the Muladhara chakra of the woman who embodies the Fire Snake, and in whom is all power given, for, "The manifestation of Nuit is at an End"|The need to work with the energies of Shalicu may be signaled by experiencing resistance to, or fear of change, experimentation, innovation, anarchy, chaos. There may be feelings of alienation, of nonconformism, which result in feeling oneself to be "a rebel without a cause," or, there may be over identification with prevailing social norms, and bowing to peer pressure. We may find belief in Divine salvation, or disbelief in UFO's,%r%rAmong the powers we may achieve through working here is the ability to shed limitations of preconscious human pasts, to de-condition our responses, thus breaking free of crystallized, arbitrary definitions of self, as well as ingrained emotional patterns and ways of interpreting reality. Thus we are able to re-learn to view Self objectively, outside of space, time, and society, being detached from social, cultural, and national identities, customs, mores and beliefs. Here we are able to achieve transcendence of threatened nuclear annihilation through the physics of the Void, creating new histories, new realities; here we achieve transforming encounters with extraterrestrial infra life-waves, and far-future adumbrations of post-human selves spinning inexorably back into the transmundane present.%r%rThe danger is in becoming time-warped into bondage to nihilistic post-industrial mutant expressionist societies.

&major.32 Shadow Deck=32. Thantifaxath - The Universe|From the Great One of the Night of Time came the Trees of Darkness: language, ordering, time; thus the Stellar Current earths, flowering into thousand-petalled Sahasrara. The sigil includes the geomantic figure of Acquisitio which is attributed to the number nine, and which in this instance is informed by the fiery Sagittarius—hence the electrical nature of Thantifaxath and its earthing in the hidden chthonian cells . . .|Rising swamp-gas, distorting heat-mirages signify the tunnel's entrance which exists in the wavering interface between the worlds of inner tellurian space and stellar consciousness. Here all has been arranged for performance of the ancient Elder Rites. Trees of Darkness, cypress swamp, bayous filled with ghouls and larvae of the pit celebrate with choreiform dancing dread Odun, the African Sabbath, Saint John's Eve, while corpse candles' phosphorescent glare illumines the gate/mouth/sipapu through which Zangbeto, "people of the night," Lovecraftian transhuman horrors—the Old Ones—invade our dimension from the Other Side.%r%rFrom the triple Goddess—New/Full/Dying Moon—the Great One of the Night of Time whose Saturn sickle speaks of Death came the Trees of Darkness: Tree Alphabet, language, ordering, thus begetting time, history, and genealogy, thus crystallizing ego, and ending the blissful period of timeless wavering myth.%r%rThe Moon is thus the progenitor of Time, the 37-year cycle of Her Nodes generating the Great Polar Cycle of 25,900 Earth years, creating the Precession of the Equinoxes as the North Pole points to each of seven stars, here reflected in the pool of space round which the crocodile Sebek/Set, expectantly curls, ready to devour ego into uroboric bliss. Thus the Cosmic Serpent, spiraling tail in mouth, never returning to the same point in celestial space, traces the 7-fold Star of Isis-Babalon in athetoid progression around the pole of the ecliptic. This Great Year corresponds to 5 Mayan Great Cycles, and marks Nibiru's inevitable returning.%r%rThus the stellar current earths in chthonian dream cells through Thantifaxath—the ego boundary, arachnoid membrane, the linking point of inner/outer, of microcosm/macrocosm, Bifrost, rainbow bridge between terrestrial and stellar currents. Crystallized in matter, the current turns upon itself, shoots up Sushumna in the spinal column, flowering into thousand-petalled Sahasrara, in the tellurian halo of Northern Lights transmitting earth rays to the stars, and bringing the New Age upon Earth: "Raise Chthulhu to the Stars!"%r%rThe sigil appears upon a diamond used to imprison souls in space, creating living zombies. Here is crystallization that is living death, dying from the inside-out, body armoring, ego-encrustation, crystallization at a too-early stage impeding further growth. For whom are zombies, but those who identifying ego with Self have forsaken childhood dreams, who have forever lost the key to Never-Never Land, that charmed inner Paradise.|The need to work with the energies of Thantifaxath may be signaled by experiencing feelings of restriction, feeling tied down, time bound, old, depressed, blind, dead. Here too, is fear: fear of voudoun, of being mounted by the Loa; fear of magickal attacks; separation anxiety. Here is fear of death, which results in leeching present moments of life and power by dwelling in a nonexistent past and projecting toward an illusionary future. In the Microcosm there is psychological de-compensation, loss of ego, while macrocosmically we find deterioration of Polar ozone that protects fragile Terra from blasting stellar rays.%r%rPowers we may find here are the ability to cross dimensions, to bridge boundaries, to link inner and outer, to communicate with denizens of parallel worlds: fairies, yetis, elves. Here is power to understand and to use the raw energy of time inherent in its cycles, and here is the Time Lord's power to transcend its limitations, to relate to eternal NOW—no "lusting for result."Here is self-regeneration, as well as regeneration of the energy envelope of Earth, and re-greening of the planet through time-binding stellar winds into the bionic life web.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Shadow Deck: Suit of Fire ---------------------------------------------------

&fire.xxx Shadow Deck=
	Card Name|
	A description|
	Summary|
	Details


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Shadow Deck: Suit of Water --------------------------------------------------

&water.xxx Shadow Deck=
	Card Name|
	A description|
	Summary|
	Details


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Shadow Deck: Suit of Air ----------------------------------------------------

&air.xxx Shadow Deck=
	Card Name|
	A description|
	Summary|
	Details

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Shadow Deck: Suit of Earth --------------------------------------------------

&earth.xxx Shadow Deck=
	Card Name|
	A description|
	Summary|
	Details


################################################################################
## Rider-Waite Deck ############################################################


@create Rider-Waite Deck
@set Rider-Waite Deck=safe

&d.short-name Rider-Waite Deck=rider-waite

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Rider-Waite: Major Arcana ---------------------------------------------------

&major.0 Rider-Waite Deck=0. The Fool|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.I Rider-Waite Deck=I. The Magician|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.II Rider-Waite Deck=II. The High Priestess|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.III Rider-Waite Deck=III. The Empress|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.IV Rider-Waite Deck=IV. The Emperor|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.V Rider-Waite Deck=V. The Hierophant|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.VI Rider-Waite Deck=VI. The Lovers|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.VII Rider-Waite Deck=VII. The Chariot|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.VIII Rider-Waite Deck=VIII. Strength|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.IX Rider-Waite Deck=IX. The Hermit|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.X Rider-Waite Deck=X. Wheel Of Fortune|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XI Rider-Waite Deck=XI. Justice|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XII Rider-Waite Deck=XII. The Hanged Man|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XIII Rider-Waite Deck=XIII. Death|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XIV Rider-Waite Deck=XIV. Temperance|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XV Rider-Waite Deck=XV. The Devil|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XVI Rider-Waite Deck=XVI. The Tower|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XVII Rider-Waite Deck=XVII. The Star|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XVIII Rider-Waite Deck=XVIII. The Moon|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XIX Rider-Waite Deck=XIX. The Sun|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XX Rider-Waite Deck=XX. Judgement|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&major.XXI Rider-Waite Deck=XXI. The World|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed


-- Rider-Waite: Coins ---------------

&wands.I Rider-Waite Deck=Ace of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.II Rider-Waite Deck=2 of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.III Rider-Waite Deck=3 of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.IV Rider-Waite Deck=4 of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.V Rider-Waite Deck=5 of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.VI Rider-Waite Deck=6 of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.VII Rider-Waite Deck=7 of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.VIII Rider-Waite Deck=8 of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.IX Rider-Waite Deck=9 of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.X Rider-Waite Deck=10 of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.Page Rider-Waite Deck=Page of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.Knight Rider-Waite Deck=Knight of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.Queen Rider-Waite Deck=Queen of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&wands.King Rider-Waite Deck=King of Wands|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed


-- Rider-Waite: Coins ---------------

&coins.I Rider-Waite Deck=Ace of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.II Rider-Waite Deck=2 of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.III Rider-Waite Deck=3 of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.IV Rider-Waite Deck=4 of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.V Rider-Waite Deck=5 of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.VI Rider-Waite Deck=6 of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.VII Rider-Waite Deck=7 of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.VIII Rider-Waite Deck=8 of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.IX Rider-Waite Deck=9 of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.X Rider-Waite Deck=10 of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.Page Rider-Waite Deck=Page of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.Knight Rider-Waite Deck=Knight of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.Queen Rider-Waite Deck=Queen of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&coins.King Rider-Waite Deck=King of Coins|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed



-- Rider-Waite: Swords ---------------

&swords.I Rider-Waite Deck=Ace of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.II Rider-Waite Deck=2 of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.III Rider-Waite Deck=3 of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.IV Rider-Waite Deck=4 of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.V Rider-Waite Deck=5 of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.VI Rider-Waite Deck=6 of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.VII Rider-Waite Deck=7 of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.VIII Rider-Waite Deck=8 of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.IX Rider-Waite Deck=9 of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.X Rider-Waite Deck=10 of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.Page Rider-Waite Deck=Page of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.Knight Rider-Waite Deck=Knight of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.Queen Rider-Waite Deck=Queen of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&swords.King Rider-Waite Deck=King of Swords|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed



-- Rider-Waite: Cups ---------------

&cups.I Rider-Waite Deck=Ace of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.II Rider-Waite Deck=2 of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.III Rider-Waite Deck=3 of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.IV Rider-Waite Deck=4 of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.V Rider-Waite Deck=5 of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.VI Rider-Waite Deck=6 of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.VII Rider-Waite Deck=7 of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.VIII Rider-Waite Deck=8 of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.IX Rider-Waite Deck=9 of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.X Rider-Waite Deck=10 of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.Page Rider-Waite Deck=Page of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.Knight Rider-Waite Deck=Knight of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.Queen Rider-Waite Deck=Queen of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed

&cups.King Rider-Waite Deck=King of Cups|A description|Summary Upright|Details Upright|Summary Reversed|Details Reversed



################################################################################
## TAROT READINGS ##############################################################

@create Tarot Readings
@set Tarot Readings=safe

@parent Tarot Readings=codp



================================================================================
== Multi-Platform Functions ====================================================

&.msg Tarot Readings=msg(h, Tarot, %0)


================================================================================
== Data ========================================================================

&d.deck Tarot Readings=rider-waite
&d.shuffle Tarot Readings=
&d.table Tarot Readings=

&d.ignored-attributes Tarot Readings=D.SHORT-NAME


================================================================================
== Filters =====================================================================

&filter.deck.matches.short-name Tarot Readings=
	strmatch(get(%0/d.short-name), v(d.deck))

--

&filter.deck.matches.input Tarot Readings=
	strmatch(get(%0/d.short-name), %1)

--

&filter.has.short-name Tarot Readings=hasattr(%0, d.short-name)


================================================================================
== Functions ===================================================================


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Reversable? -----------------------------------------------------------------

Can this card be reversed?

0: card attribute
1: deck dbref

--

&f.reversable? Tarot Readings=dec(div(words(get(%1/%0), |), 3))


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Deck's Dbref ----------------------------------------------------------------

Dbref of tarot deck with a short-name that matches &d.deck.

No input.

--

&f.deck Tarot Readings=first(filter(filter.deck.matches.short-name, lcon(%!)))


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Orientation -----------------------------------------------------------------

Randomize the orientation of a card

0: attribute
1: deck dbref
returns: 0 (upright) or 1 (reversed)

--

&f.orientation Tarot Readings=rand(0, u(f.reversable?, %0, %1))


================================================================================
== Display =====================================================================

For all:
	0: <suit>.<number>[:<reversed>]
	1: deck dbref

--

&display.deck Tarot Readings=v(d.deck)

--

&display.name Tarot Readings=
	trim(last(first(get(%1/[first(%0, :)]), |), .))

--

&display.key Tarot Readings=
	trim(first(get(%1/[first(%0, :)]), .))

--

&display.reversed? Tarot Readings=if(t(rest(%0, :)), ansi(xh, %b(reversed)))

--

&display.name.complete Tarot Readings=
	[if(strmatch(first(get(%1/[first(%0, :)]), |), *.*), 
		%([u(display.key, %0, %1)]%)%b
	)]
	[u(display.name, %0, %1)]
	[u(display.reversed?, %0)]

--

think u(tarot r/display.name.complete, major.0:1, #9800)

think u(tarot r/display.name.complete, major.11:1, #10632)

--

&display.desc Tarot Readings=
	[setq(d, elements(get(%1/[first(%0, :)]), 2, |))]
	[if(t(strlen(%qd)), 
		s(%qd), 
		(No Description)
	)]

--

&display.summary Tarot Readings=
	if(eq(rest(%0, :), 1), 
@@ reversed
		u(display.summary.one, 
			get(%1/[first(%0, :)]), 
			5
		), 

@@ else, upright
		u(display.summary.one, 
			get(%1/[first(%0, :)]), 
			3
		)
	)

--

&display.summary.one Tarot Readings=
	[setq(s, elements(%0, %1, |))]
	[if(t(strlen(%qs)), 
		s(%qs), 
		(No Summary)
	)]

--

&display.details Tarot Readings=
	if(eq(rest(%0, :), 1), 
@@ reversed
		u(display.details.one, 
			get(%1/[first(%0, :)]), 
			6
		), 

@@ else, upright
		u(display.details.one, 
			get(%1/[first(%0, :)]), 
			4
		)
	)

--

&display.details.one Tarot Readings=
	[setq(s, elements(%0, %1, |))]
	[if(t(strlen(%qs)), 
		s(%qs), 
		(No Details)
	)]

--

&display.cards Tarot Readings=
	if(t(%0), 
		itemize(
			iter(%0, u(display.name.complete, %i0, %1), , |), 
			|
		), 
		None
	)

--

&display.cards.table Tarot Readings=
	if(t(%0), 
		vtable(
			iter(%0, u(display.name.complete, %i0, %1), , |), 
			0, 
			|
		), 
		None
	)

--

@@ Displays everything you need to know about one card.
@@ 0: card attribute, 1: deck dbref, 2: true (1) for 'you'
@@ o: orientation (if any), a: attribute for card, r: is card reversable?

	think u(tarot r/display.one-card, major.iii:0, #9800, 1)
	think u(tarot r/display.one-card, major.iii:0, #9800, 0)
	think u(tarot r/display.one-card, major.iii, #9800, 0)

	think u(tarot r/display.one-card, major.21:0, #10632, 1)
	think u(tarot r/display.one-card, major.21:0, #10632, 0)
	think u(tarot r/display.one-card, major.21, #10632, 0)

	think u(tarot r/display.one-card, major.21:1, #10632, 0)
	think u(tarot r/display.one-card, major.21:1, #10632, 1)

--

&display.one-card Tarot Readings=
	[setq(o, rest(%0, :))]
	[setq(a, before(%0, :))]
	[setq(r, u(f.reversable?, %qa, %2))]

@@ >> Header
@@ Without a upright/reversed code, this may only be a "card detail"
@@ Else it's a drawn card. (The message needs to be improved)

	[header(
		if(strmatch(%qo, ), 
			Card Details, 
			[if(t(%2), You draw, %N draws)] a card...
		)
	)]%r

@@ >> Card Name '(reversed?)'
	[ljust(Card:, 9)] 
	[u(display.name.complete, %0, %1)]%r

@@ >> Card Summary (for 'you' only)
	[if(t(%2), 
		[ljust(Summary:, 9)] 
		[u(display.summary, %0, %1)]%r
@@ .. (if there is no upright/reversed code passed, present entire card summary)
		[if(and(strmatch(%qo, ), %qr), 
			[ljust(Reversed:, 9)] 
			[u(display.summary, %0:1, %1)]%r
		)]
	)]

@@ >> Card Description
	[divider(Description)]%r
	[u(display.desc, %0, %1)]%r

@@ >> Details (for 'you' only)
	[if(t(%2), 
		[divider(Details)]%r
		[u(display.details, %0, %1)]%r
@@ .. (if there is no upright/reversed code passed, present entire card detail)
		[if(and(strmatch(%qo, ), %qr), 
			[divider(Revesed)]%r
			[u(display.details, %0:1, %1)]%r
		)]
	)]
	[footer(name(%1))]

--

&display.orientation.error Tarot Readings=
	[wdivider(%0 Orientation)]%r
	%b %bCard has no [lcstr(%0)] meaning.

--



================================================================================
== Commands ====================================================================


--

`shuffle - Use and shuffle all cards into the deck

&c.shuffle Tarot Readings=$`shuffle:
	@eval setq(d, u(f.deck)); 

	&d.shuffle %!=
		shuffle(iter(
			setdiff(lattr(%qd/*.*), v(d.ignored-attrs)), 
			%i0:[u(f.orientation, %i0, %qf)]
		));

	&d.table %!=; 

	@pemit %#= u(.msg, Table cleared and '[u(display.deck)]' deck shuffled.); 

	@oemit %#=u(.msg, %N clears the table and shuffles the '[u(display.deck)]' deck.); 

--

&c.draw Tarot Readings=$`draw:
	@eval setq(c, first(v(d.shuffle))); 
	@eval setq(d, u(f.deck)); 

	@if t(%qc)={ 
		&d.shuffle %!=rest(v(d.shuffle)); 
		&d.table %!=[v(d.table)] %qc; 
		@pemit %#=ulocal(display.one-card, %qc, %qd, 1); 
		@oemit %#=ulocal(display.one-card, %qc, %qd, 0); 
	}, 
	{ 
		@pemit %#=u(.msg, The '[u(display.deck)]' deck is empty.); 
	}

--

&c.card Tarot Readings=$`card*:
	@pemit %#=I will eventually give you information about card '[trim(%0)]'.

--

&c.table Tarot Readings=$`table:
	@pemit %#=
		[wheader(Cards on the Table -- '[u(display.deck)]')]%r
		[u(display.cards.table, v(d.table), u(f.deck))]%r
		[wfooter([words(v(d.table))] cards drawn%, [words(v(d.shuffle))] cards remain)]

--

@@ i: input
@@ d: matching deck dbref(s)
@@ n: short-name for the deck

&c.deck Tarot Readings=$`deck*:
	@switch/first 1=

@@ `decks* : list available decks
		strmatch(%0, s*), { @pemit %#=u(display.decks-available) }, 

@@ `deck <xxx> : change deck
		comp(setr(i, trim(%0)), ), {
			@eval setq(d, 
				filter(filter.deck.matches.input, lcon(%!), , , %qi*)
			); 

			@switch/first 0=
				words(%qd), { @pemit %#=u(.msg, No matches.); }, 

				eq(words(%qd), 1), 
				{ @pemit %#=u(.msg, Too many matches.); }, 

				not(strmatch(setr(n, get(%qd/d.short-name)), v(d.deck))), 
				{ @pemit %#=u(.msg, You're already using the '%qn' deck.); }, 

				{
					&d.deck me=%qn; 
					@pemit %#=u(.msg, You are now using the '%qn' deck. Remember to shuffle.); 
					@oemit %#=u(.msg, %N is now using the '%qn' deck.); 
				}
		}, 
@@ `deck : which deck is current?
		{ @pemit %#=u(display.deck-used); }

--

&display.decks-available Tarot Readings=
	msg(h, Tarot, 
		Available Decks: 
		[itemize(
			iter(filter(filter.has.short-name, lcon(%!)), 
				get(%i0/d.short-name), 
				, |
			), 
			|
		)]
	)

--

&display.deck-used Tarot Readings=
	msg(h, Tarot, 
		You are using the '[default(d.deck, <unset>)]' deck.
	)


--

think [setq(0, major.0:1)][setq(1, #9800)][header(%N draws a card ...)]%r[if(strmatch(first(get(%q1/[first(%q0, :)]), |), *.*), [ljust(Key:, 8)] [u(tarot r/display.key, %q0, %q1)]%r)][ljust(Card:, 8)] [u(tarot r/display.name, %q0, %q1)][u(tarot r/display.reversed?, %q0, %q1)]%rSummary: [u(tarot r/display.summary, %q0, %q1)]%r[footer(name(%q1))]

========================> Thenomain draws a card ... <=========================
Key:     0
Card:    The Fool (reversed)
Summary: Summary Reversed
=======================================================> Rider-Waite Deck <====


think [setq(0, cups.iii:0)][setq(1, #9800)]
	[header(%N draws a card ...)]%r
	[if(strmatch(first(get(%q1/[first(%q0, :)]), |), *.*), [ljust(Key:, 8)] [u(tarot r/display.key, %q0, %q1)]%r)]
	[ljust(Card:, 8)] 
	[u(tarot r/display.name, %q0, %q1)]
	[u(tarot r/display.reversed?, %q0, %q1)]%r
	Summary: [u(tarot r/display.summary, %q0, %q1)]%r
	[footer(name(%q1))]

========================> Thenomain draws a card ... <=========================
Card:    3 of Cups
Summary: Summary Upright
=======================================================> Rider-Waite Deck <====


@@ o: orientation

think 
	[setq(0, major.iii:0)][setq(1, #9800)][setq(2, 1)]
	[setq(o, rest(%q0, :))]
	[setq(a, before(%q0, :))]
	[setq(r, u(tarot r/f.reversable?, %qa, %q2))]

@@ >> Header
@@ Without a upright/reversed code, this may only be a "card detail"
@@ Else it's a drawn card. (The message needs to be improved)

	[header(
		if(strmatch(%qo, ), 
			Card Details, 
			[if(t(%q2), You draw, %N draws)] a card...
		)
	)]%r

@@ >> Card Key (if applicable)
	[if(strmatch(first(get(%q1/%qa), |), *.*), 
		[ljust(Key:, 9)] [u(tarot r/display.key, %q0, %q1)]%r
	)]

@@ >> Card Name (reversed?)
	[ljust(Card:, 9)] 
	[u(tarot r/display.name, %q0, %q1)]
	[u(tarot r/display.reversed?, %q0, %q1)]%r

@@ >> Card Summary
	[ljust(Summary:, 9)] 
	[u(tarot r/display.summary, %q0, %q1)]%r

@@ .. (if there is no upright/reversed code passed, present entire card summary)
	[if(and(strmatch(%qo, ), %qr), 
		[ljust(Reversed:, 9)] 
		[u(tarot r/display.summary, %q0:1, %q1)]%r
	)]

@@ >> Card Description
	[divider(Description)]%r
	[u(tarot r/display.desc, %q0, %q1)]%r

@@ >> Details
	[if(t(%q2), 
		[divider(Details)]%r
		[u(tarot r/display.details, %q0, %q1)]%r
@@ .. (if there is no upright/reversed code passed, present entire card detail)
		[if(and(strmatch(%qo, ), %qr), 
			[divider(Revesed)]%r
			[u(tarot r/display.details, %q0:1, %q1)]%r
		)]
	)]
	[footer(name(%q1))]


============================> You draw a card ... <============================
Key:     III
Card:    The Empress
Summary: Summary Upright
----> Description <------------------------------------------------------------
A description
----> Details <----------------------------------------------------------------
Details Upright
=======================================================> Rider-Waite Deck <====


---> Shaiya <------------------------------------------------------> Tarot <---
Key:         XVIII
Card:        The Moon
Association: Instinct
----------------------------------------------------------------> Reversed <---
 
---> Shaiya <------------------------------------------------------> Tarot <---
Key:         VI
Card:        The Lovers
Association: Recognition
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
---> Shaiya <------------------------------------------------------> Tarot <---
Key:         V
Card:        The Hierophant
Association: Teaching
----------------------------------------------------------------> Reversed <---
 
---> Shaiya <------------------------------------------------------> Tarot <---
Card:        Five of Wands
Association: fire, endeavors, passions, expansion, instability
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Shaiya says, “See? That one doesn't have a key.”
 
---> Shaiya <------------------------------------------------------> Tarot <---
Key:         XIX
Card:        The Sun
Association: Clarity
----------------------------------------------------------------> Reversed <---
 
---> Shaiya <------------------------------------------------------> Tarot <---
Card:        Two of Wands
Association: fire, endeavors, passions, balance, instinct
----------------------------------------------------------------> Reversed <---



Wanted it to show me all the info of the card, but only show other people Name pulls a card from the deck, and reveals the card of Card Name, Wanted it to roll Wits+Occult.tarot
Or rather have 2 commands similar
One that rolls one that doesn't

After. A success means that it was a good one, Exceptional means really good. Failure means bad.

Is it possible to make a failed roll turn up a reversed card?
